# Software-Security

Artemis Financial is a financial consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for savings, retirement, investments, and insurance for their patrons. Their desire is to modernize its operations and as a crucial part of the success of their custom software, they wanted to implement and apply the most current and effective software security. Artemis Financial has a public web interface and is taking steps to protect their data and financial information. 

Specifically, Artemis Financial was seeking to add a file verification step to their web application to ensure secure communications. Clients need to be able to trust that their money and data is safe and secure and won't be leaked as a direct result of Artemis Financial's web based software application. If such transactions are not kept secure from view and manipulation, their clients could suffer loss of money and privacy and the Artemis Financial would lose reputation. This was accomplished through the use of a checksum to verify that the files downloaded from Artemis Financial's website are not tampered with during transmission, while not introducing any new vulnerabilities to their existing code which was challenging, but accomplished efficiently. Particularly, learning to use MessageDigest's API was difficult, but now that I know how to use it, I would include this in future projects. However, I believe I understood the concepts of the checksum well. Including a checksum gave a layer of security to ensure safe transactions between Artemis Financial and their clients and I would include this measure in later projects. In order to test whether new vulnerabilities were introduced, I performed a static dependency test through the use of Maven on the preexisting code before making modifications. Afterward, I performed another test and found that no new vulnerabilities were identified. I also verified that the checksum was in working order by displaying the input and output of the algorithm on a live webpage hosted via the reformed code. This work is showcased within the included report for Artemis Financial to give proof and verification of the steps completed. 
